docs(navbar): Removing text from title #2082 (#2095)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/navbar.md

#### Add Custom Title

> If we want to provide a custom content for a navbar's title, we can achieve this by using `igx-navbar-title` or `igxNavbarTitle` directive. They will replace the default navbar's title provided by `title` input property. The sample below has a custom title containing an `img` element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to provide a custom content for a navbar's title, we can achieve this by using `igx-navbar-title` or `igxNavbarTitle` directive. They will replace the default navbar's title provided by `title` input property. The sample below has a custom title containing a link with an image:
```

Author: fixed
